look at the size of her
let's jump right into water scattering
salmon everywhere this is got one it's
got our first fish they'll care that so
much bulk strength and power but in the
end you're gonna need skill and accuracy
to snare a slippery salmon you see her
spreading that red salmon meat but it
has really really strong powerful teeth
great for patching their food and
remember that's a very slippery fish
okay the two Cubs they're still quite
young and these would actually been born
right at the beginning of this year and
they still have quite a little bit of
white around the collar and they're not
quite sure but they're gonna come in and
she's gonna allow us to have some food
any second now
they are so cute
I don't believe how quickly this is
happened this is just unbelievable
see the Cubs are actually just
practicing their fishing
they're certainly not as good as Monday
this is one of the great wildlife sites
you'll find anywhere in the world the
grizzly bear buys with the polar bear
for the title of the largest land
carnivore and it's such an impressive
massive bulky powerful animal but yet
they can run and move surprisingly
quickly they've been clocked running as
fast as 35 and even possibly 40 miles an
hour so now I think you can see why
grizzly bears have to be on a deadly 60
I mean even though they spend so much of
their lives just feeding on things like
berries insects moths when they have the
opportunity when the food is there when
the salmon are running they are so
efficient and she's going in for another
one look at that look at the way Turner
the water just in Lots as he leaps in
she's got another one absolutely perfect
the grizzly bear has a long doglike
muzzle 42t
the front ones the sharp canines are
used for snaring those fishery remember
this is a very very fast moving and
slippery fish that really needs to be
snagged with incredible precision and
then the rear teeth the crunching cheek
teeth are used to munch it down and she
can shred even a huge salmon and eat it
within a minute or two going in for
on-the-go
if she goes she's waiting in only some
really really large animals so they need
a lot of food and particularly now in
the summer when they're fattening up the
nose is going to the water she's
sniffing around locating the fish and
completely immersing herself look at
that another one
three hunt three fish and the absolute
is standing back and letting mom do all
the work
Wow Wow